feat(tab-nav-drawer, tabs): Disable animation. #7157 (#8255)
IgniteUI/igniteui-angular: projects/igniteui-angular/src/lib/tabs/README.md

| `label` | string | Set the tab item text. |
| `disabled` | boolean | 	Set if the tab is enabled/disabled.	 |
| `type` | IgxTabsType | 	Set the tab item sizing mode. By default, `contentfit` is set, the tab item width is sized to its content in the range of min/max width. When the sizing type is `fixed` - all tabs have equal size to fit the view port. |

> | `disableAnimation`| boolean | Enables/disables the animation for transition of the contents of the tabs. Set to `false` by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `disableAnimation`| boolean | Enables/disables the transition animation of the tabs' content. Set to `false` by default.
```

Author: Added API code snippet and description.
